Add "Build System" section to godot-cpp docs. (#10919)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/scripting/cpp/build_system/scons.rst

> .. _doc_godot_cpp_build_system:

Reviewer: I would add a `seealso::` at the beginning of this page that points to https://docs.godotengine.org/en/stable/contributing/development/compiling/introduction_to_the_buildsystem.html, for users looking to compile Godot itself. It's likely this page will come up in search results for users looking to compile Godot, rather than godot-cpp.

Author: That's a good point. I added one in this page, and an identical one on the cmake page (since 100% people are going to be searching for "CMake" in the repo as well).

Main build system: Working with SCons
=====================================

`godot-cpp <https://github.com/godotengine/godot-cpp>`__ uses `SCons <https://scons.org>`__ as its main build system.
It is modeled after :ref:`Godot's build system <doc_compiling_index>`, and some commands available there are also
available in godot-cpp projects.

Getting started
---------------

To build a godot-cpp project, it is generally sufficient to install `SCons <https://scons.org>`__, and simply run it
in the project directory:

    scons

You may want to learn about available options:

    scons --help

To cleanly re-build your project, add ``--clean`` to your build command:

    scons --clean

You can find more information about common SCons arguments and build patterns in the
`SCons User Guide <https://scons.org/doc/latest/HTML/scons-user/index.html>`__. Additional commands may be added by

> individual godot-cpp projects, so consult their documentations for more information on those.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
individual godot-cpp projects, so consult their specific documentation for more information on those.
```
Or similar, "documentation" is almost never plural
